i'm i'm auggie by the way darby
kirby darby darby yeah
i know i've gotten furby before
have you on the one no do you seriously
think they had it all figured out and
already
[Music]
i just feel like i'm failing all the
time you know like is it always this
hard
you go for it and you get on that dick
wagon
it is your destiny very upset by the
phrase dick wagon
[Music]
why do you need a boyfriend right now
this isn't jane austen times i'm sorry
i'm just having small life panic i just
want to be the kind of woman who knows
what she wants and she's not afraid
to go after it you should be loved for
the little derp de dirt that you are
hey
something really bad just happened what
oh my god i ran into auggie for the
first time in two years
no he's back in new york apparently
which i would have known if i hadn't
unfollowed him and he has a new
girlfriend
[Music]
ew
have you ever been caught up in a moment
we slept together one time
i don't owe you anything i decide who i
sleep with and who i love
i'm proud of you we've grown into this
brave resilient
independent woman it feels really right
which is terrifying but
worth it in the end
[Music]
sometimes we think we're chasing one
thing we're actually chasing another
he realized he was not ready to be in a
relationship also
i got really drunk at his dad's wake no
that is okay
i mean i puked at jim's cousin spot
mitzvah it's all happened in front of
his ex-wife
oh okay you win love life
all episodes streaming now on bbc
iplayer